Microservice Decomposition for train-ticket
----------------------------------------------------------------

Microservice id | Belonging classes
----------------------------------------------------------------
0  |  src/main/java/fdse/microservice/BasicApplication.java ,
src/main/java/auth/AuthApplication.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/AssuranceApplication.java ,
src/main/java/adminbasic/AdminBasicInfoApplication.java ,

1  |  src/main/java/adminroute/AdminRouteApplication.java ,
src/main/java/adminorder/AdminOrderApplication.java ,
src/main/java/order/OrderApplication.java ,
src/main/java/other/OrderOtherApplication.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/PreserveOtherApplication.java ,
src/main/java/adminuser/AdminUserApplication.java ,
src/main/java/route/RouteApplication.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/CancelApplication.java ,
src/main/java/plan/RoutePlanApplication.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/TravelPlanApplication.java ,

2  |  src/main/java/contacts/service/ContactsServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/service/ContactsService.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/repository/ContactsRepository.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/controller/ContactsController.java ,

3  |  src/main/java/verifycode/util/CookieUtil.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/util/CookieUtil.java ,
src/main/java/verifycode/service/impl/VerifyCodeServiceImpl.java ,

4  |  src/main/java/order/entity/OrderAlterInfo.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/OrderAlterInfo.java ,

5  |  src/main/java/food/controller/TrainFoodController.java ,
src/main/java/food/repository/TrainFoodRepository.java ,
src/main/java/food/service/FoodMapService.java ,

6  |  src/main/java/other/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/order/entity/Order.java ,

7  |  src/main/java/seat/service/SeatService.java ,
src/main/java/seat/service/SeatServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/order/entity/SoldTicket.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/SoldTicket.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/SoldTicket.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/SoldTicket.java ,
src/main/java/seat/controller/SeatController.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/execute/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/SeatClass.java ,

8  |  src/main/java/adminroute/service/AdminRouteService.java ,
src/main/java/route/service/RouteService.java ,

9  |  src/main/java/rebook/entity/Ticket.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/Ticket.java ,
src/main/java/order/entity/Ticket.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Ticket.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Ticket.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/Ticket.java ,

10  |  src/main/java/consign/ConsignApplication.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/ConsignPriceApplication.java ,
src/main/java/execute/ExecuteApplication.java ,

11  |  src/main/java/order/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/other/config/SecurityConfig.java ,

12  |  src/main/java/security/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/order/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/SeatClass.java ,

13  |  src/main/java/travel/entity/TravelInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TravelInfo.java ,

14  |  src/main/java/preserve/entity/TravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/TransferTravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/VerifyResult.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/VerifyResult.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/TravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/TravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/ticketinfo/entity/TravelResult.java ,

15  |  src/main/java/rebook/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/ticketinfo/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/TripId.java ,

16  |  src/main/java/route/controller/RouteController.java ,
src/main/java/adminroute/controller/AdminRouteController.java ,
src/main/java/adminroute/service/AdminRouteServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/adminbasic/service/AdminBasicInfoServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/ticketinfo/service/TicketInfoServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/route/repository/RouteRepository.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/adminroute/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/route/service/RouteServiceImpl.java ,

17  |  src/main/java/adminuser/entity/DocumentType.java ,
src/main/java/adminuser/entity/Account.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/Account.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Account.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Account.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/DocumentType.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/DocumentType.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/order/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/DocumentType.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/entity/DocumentType.java ,

18  |  src/main/java/cancel/service/CancelServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/controller/CancelController.java ,

19  |  src/main/java/order/repository/OrderRepository.java ,
src/main/java/other/repository/OrderOtherRepository.java ,

20  |  src/main/java/rebook/service/RebookServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/service/PreserveServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/service/PreserveOtherServiceImpl.java ,

21  |  src/main/java/travel2/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/route/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/foodsearch/entity/Route.java ,

22  |  src/main/java/foodsearch/entity/Food.java ,
src/main/java/food/entity/Food.java ,

23  |  src/main/java/preserve/entity/Assurance.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/entity/PlainAssurance.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/entity/Assurance.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/repository/AssuranceRepository.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Assurance.java ,

24  |  src/main/java/travel2/entity/TripInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TripInfo.java ,

25  |  src/main/java/auth/service/UserService.java ,
src/main/java/adminuser/service/AdminUserService.java ,

26  |  src/main/java/com/trainticket/repository/PaymentRepository.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/repository/PaymentRepository.java ,

27  |  src/main/java/config/repository/ConfigRepository.java ,
src/main/java/adminbasic/entity/Station.java ,
src/main/java/config/service/ConfigServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/config/controller/ConfigController.java ,
src/main/java/config/service/ConfigService.java ,
src/main/java/config/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/Config.java ,
src/main/java/config/entity/Config.java ,

28  |  src/main/java/verifycode/service/VerifyCodeService.java ,
src/main/java/verifycode/controller/VerifyCodeController.java ,

29  |  src/main/java/rebook/entity/RebookInfo.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/Balance.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/Payment.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/Money.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/entity/Payment.java ,

30  |  src/main/java/foodsearch/entity/FoodOrder.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/OrderTicketsInfo.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/OrderTicketsInfo.java ,
src/main/java/food/entity/FoodStore.java ,
src/main/java/food/entity/TrainFood.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/FoodOrder.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/FoodOrder.java ,
src/main/java/other/service/OrderOtherServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/other/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/order/init/InitData.java ,

31  |  src/main/java/preserve/entity/Gender.java ,
src/main/java/user/dto/Gender.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/Gender.java ,
src/main/java/adminuser/entity/Gender.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Gender.java ,

32  |  src/main/java/security/entity/OrderSecurity.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/OrderSecurity.java ,
src/main/java/order/entity/OrderSecurity.java ,

33  |  src/main/java/cancel/entity/GetAccountByIdInfo.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/AccountInfo.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/GetAccountByIdResult.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/GetOrderByIdInfo.java ,

34  |  src/main/java/consign/service/ConsignService.java ,
src/main/java/consign/service/ConsignServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/consign/entity/InsertConsignRecordResult.java ,
src/main/java/consign/controller/ConsignController.java ,
src/main/java/consign/repository/ConsignRepository.java ,

35  |  src/main/java/security/repository/SecurityRepository.java ,
src/main/java/security/entity/SecurityConfig.java ,

36  |  src/main/java/rebook/RebookApplication.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/ContactsApplication.java ,

37  |  src/main/java/security/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/order/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/adminorder/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/execute/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/OrderStatus.java ,

38  |  src/main/java/rebook/service/RebookService.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/service/TravelPlanService.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/service/Travel2Service.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/controller/RebookController.java ,

39  |  src/main/java/inside_payment/repository/AddMoneyRepository.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/repository/AddMoneyRepository.java ,

40  |  src/main/java/price/service/PriceServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/price/entity/PriceConfig.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/PriceConfig.java ,
src/main/java/adminbasic/entity/PriceInfo.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/entity/ConsignPrice.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/service/ConsignPriceServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/consign/entity/GetPriceDomain.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/repository/ConsignPriceConfigRepository.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/price/repository/PriceConfigRepository.java ,
src/main/java/price/service/PriceService.java ,
src/main/java/price/controller/PriceController.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/controller/ConsignPriceController.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/service/ConsignPriceService.java ,
src/main/java/price/init/InitData.java ,

41  |  src/main/java/route/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/notification/service/NotificationServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/security/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/train/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/travel/init/InitData.java ,

42  |  src/main/java/plan/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,

43  |  src/main/java/notification/entity/NotifyInfo.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/NotifyInfo.java ,

44  |  src/main/java/plan/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/ticketinfo/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/food/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/adminorder/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/adminroute/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/verifycode/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/adminuser/config/SecurityConfig.java ,

45  |  src/main/java/rebook/entity/Contacts.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/entity/Contacts.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/Contacts.java ,
src/main/java/adminbasic/entity/Contacts.java ,
src/main/java/adminorder/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Contacts.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Contacts.java ,

46  |  src/main/java/com/trainticket/controller/PaymentController.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/service/PaymentServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/service/InsidePaymentServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/controller/InsidePaymentController.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/service/InsidePaymentService.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/service/PaymentService.java ,

47  |  src/main/java/user/init/InitUser.java ,
src/main/java/user/repository/UserRepository.java ,
src/main/java/auth/repository/UserRepository.java ,
src/main/java/auth/init/InitUser.java ,

48  |  src/main/java/execute/serivce/ExecuteService.java ,
src/main/java/execute/controller/ExecuteControlller.java ,
src/main/java/adminorder/service/AdminOrderService.java ,
src/main/java/order/service/OrderService.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/service/PreserveService.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/service/PreserveOtherService.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/controller/PreserveOtherController.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/controller/PreserveController.java ,
src/main/java/other/service/OrderOtherService.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/service/CancelService.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/service/AssuranceService.java ,

49  |  src/main/java/adminuser/controller/AdminUserController.java ,
src/main/java/auth/exception/handler/GlobalExceptionHandler.java ,
src/main/java/auth/exception/UserOperationException.java ,
src/main/java/user/service/UserService.java ,
src/main/java/user/controller/UserController.java ,
src/main/java/auth/controller/UserController.java ,

50  |  src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/security/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/execute/entity/Order.java ,

51  |  src/main/java/ticketinfo/service/TicketInfoService.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/controller/AdminTravelController.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/service/AdminTravelServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/ticketinfo/controller/TicketInfoController.java ,

52  |  src/main/java/other/entity/LeftTicketInfo.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/LeftTicketInfo.java ,
src/main/java/order/entity/LeftTicketInfo.java ,

53  |  src/main/java/order/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/Seat.java ,

54  |  src/main/java/rebook/entity/PaymentDifferenceInfo.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/OutsidePaymentInfo.java ,

55  |  src/main/java/travel2/service/Travel2ServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/service/BasicServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/plan/service/RoutePlanServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/service/TravelPlanServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/controller/Travel2Controller.java ,
src/main/java/travel/controller/TravelController.java ,
src/main/java/travel/service/TravelServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/entity/Trip.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/Trip.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/Trip.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/repository/TripRepository.java ,
src/main/java/travel/repository/TripRepository.java ,

56  |  src/main/java/foodsearch/controller/FoodController.java ,
src/main/java/food/controller/FoodStoreController.java ,
src/main/java/foodsearch/service/FoodService.java ,
src/main/java/foodsearch/service/FoodServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/foodsearch/repository/FoodOrderRepository.java ,

57  |  src/main/java/auth/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/auth/constant/InfoConstant.java ,
src/main/java/auth/security/UserDetailsServiceImpl.java ,

58  |  src/main/java/user/entity/User.java ,
src/main/java/user/dto/UserDto.java ,
src/main/java/user/dto/AuthDto.java ,
src/main/java/auth/dto/AuthDto.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/User.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/User.java ,
src/main/java/auth/dto/TokenDto.java ,
src/main/java/auth/dto/BasicAuthDto.java ,
src/main/java/adminuser/entity/User.java ,
src/main/java/adminuser/dto/UserDto.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/User.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Consign.java ,

59  |  src/main/java/notification/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/config/SecurityConfig.java ,

60  |  src/main/java/foodsearch/entity/FoodStore.java ,
src/main/java/foodsearch/entity/TrainFood.java ,

61  |  src/main/java/rebook/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/execute/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/config/SecurityConfig.java ,

62  |  src/main/java/consign/entity/Consign.java ,
src/main/java/consign/entity/ConsignRecord.java ,

63  |  src/main/java/food/FoodMapApplication.java ,
src/main/java/foodsearch/FoodApplication.java ,
src/main/java/ticketinfo/TicketInfoApplication.java ,
src/main/java/seat/SeatApplication.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/StationApplication.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/PaymentApplication.java ,
src/main/java/notification/NotificationApplication.java ,
src/main/java/user/UserApplication.java ,
src/main/java/verifycode/VerifyCodeApplication.java ,
src/main/java/train/TrainApplication.java ,

64  |  src/main/java/travel/entity/Travel.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/Travel.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Travel.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Travel.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/Travel.java ,
src/main/java/ticketinfo/entity/Travel.java ,

65  |  src/main/java/rebook/entity/TripResponse.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TripResponse.java ,

66  |  src/main/java/travel/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/adminbasic/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/config/SecurityConfig.java ,

67  |  src/main/java/fdse/microservice/service/BasicService.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/controller/BasicController.java ,

68  |  src/main/java/plan/entity/RoutePlanResultUnit.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/TransferTravelInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/RoutePlanInfo.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/RoutePlanInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/TravelAdvanceResultUnit.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/RoutePlanResultUnit.java ,

69  |  src/main/java/auth/config/WebSecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/notification/config/EmailConfig.java ,
src/main/java/user/config/SecurityConfig.java ,

70  |  src/main/java/foodsearch/config/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/train/config/SecurityConfig.java ,

71  |  src/main/java/assurance/entity/AssuranceType.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/AssuranceType.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/AssuranceType.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Type.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Type.java ,

72  |  src/main/java/plan/entity/TripResponse.java ,
src/main/java/price/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/train/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/ticketinfo/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/adminbasic/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/TripResponse.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TripResponse.java ,

73  |  src/main/java/notification/service/NotificationService.java ,
src/main/java/notification/controller/NotificationController.java ,
src/main/java/plan/service/RoutePlanService.java ,
src/main/java/plan/controller/RoutePlanController.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/controller/TravelPlanController.java ,

74  |  src/main/java/admintravel/entity/Type.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/Type.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/Type.java ,

75  |  src/main/java/travelplan/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Seat.java ,

76  |  src/main/java/order/controller/OrderController.java ,
src/main/java/other/controller/OrderOtherController.java ,

77  |  src/main/java/preserve/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/AdminTrip.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/AdminTrip.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/entity/AdminTrip.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,
