Microservice Decomposition for train-ticket
----------------------------------------------------------------

Microservice id | Belonging classes
----------------------------------------------------------------
0  |  src/main/java/security/controller/SecurityController.java ,
src/main/java/security/entity/SecurityConfig.java ,
src/main/java/security/service/SecurityServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/security/repository/SecurityRepository.java ,
src/main/java/security/entity/OrderSecurity.java ,
src/main/java/security/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/security/service/SecurityService.java ,

1  |  src/main/java/ticketinfo/entity/Type.java ,
src/main/java/ticketinfo/entity/TripId.java ,

2  |  src/main/java/notification/controller/NotificationController.java ,
src/main/java/notification/service/NotificationService.java ,

3  |  src/main/java/auth/controller/AuthController.java ,
src/main/java/user/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/user/dto/AuthDto.java ,
src/main/java/user/repository/UserRepository.java ,
src/main/java/user/init/InitUser.java ,
src/main/java/user/entity/User.java ,
src/main/java/user/dto/UserDto.java ,
src/main/java/auth/service/UserService.java ,
src/main/java/auth/controller/UserController.java ,
src/main/java/auth/service/TokenService.java ,

4  |  src/main/java/contacts/service/ContactsService.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/entity/Contacts.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/controller/ContactsController.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/service/ContactsServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/repository/ContactsRepository.java ,
src/main/java/contacts/entity/DocumentType.java ,

5  |  src/main/java/preserve/entity/DocumentType.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Account.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Gender.java ,

6  |  src/main/java/travelplan/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/TrainTypeEnum.java ,

7  |  src/main/java/fdse/microservice/service/BasicServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/Trip.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/Travel.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/PriceConfig.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/TravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/route/controller/RouteController.java ,
src/main/java/adminroute/service/AdminRouteServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/route/entity/RouteInfo.java ,
src/main/java/route/service/RouteServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/route/repository/RouteRepository.java ,
src/main/java/route/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/route/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/route/service/RouteService.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/TrainType.java ,

8  |  src/main/java/cancel/controller/CancelController.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/service/CancelService.java ,

9  |  src/main/java/assurance/service/AssuranceService.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/controller/AssuranceController.java ,

10  |  src/main/java/cancel/service/CancelServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/User.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/NotifyInfo.java ,

11  |  src/main/java/plan/service/RoutePlanServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/Trip.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/TripInfo.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/Type.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/RoutePlanInfo.java ,
src/main/java/plan/controller/RoutePlanController.java ,
src/main/java/plan/service/RoutePlanService.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/RoutePlanResultUnit.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/TripResponse.java ,
src/main/java/plan/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,

12  |  src/main/java/other/controller/OrderOtherController.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/adminorder/service/AdminOrderServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/adminorder/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/other/service/OrderOtherServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/SoldTicket.java ,
src/main/java/other/repository/OrderOtherRepository.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/Ticket.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/LeftTicketInfo.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/OrderSecurity.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/other/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/other/service/OrderOtherService.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/OrderAlterInfo.java ,
src/main/java/other/entity/QueryInfo.java ,

13  |  src/main/java/cancel/entity/Account.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/DocumentType.java ,
src/main/java/cancel/entity/Gender.java ,

14  |  src/main/java/execute/controller/ExecuteControlller.java ,
src/main/java/execute/serivce/ExecuteService.java ,

15  |  src/main/java/rebook/entity/TripResponse.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/service/RebookServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/PaymentDifferenceInfo.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/RebookInfo.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/controller/RebookController.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/service/RebookService.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/Ticket.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/Trip.java ,

16  |  src/main/java/security/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/security/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/security/entity/SeatClass.java ,

17  |  src/main/java/foodsearch/repository/FoodOrderRepository.java ,
src/main/java/foodsearch/service/FoodServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/foodsearch/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/foodsearch/entity/FoodOrder.java ,
src/main/java/foodsearch/entity/AllTripFood.java ,

18  |  src/main/java/execute/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/execute/serivce/ExecuteServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/execute/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/execute/entity/SeatClass.java ,

19  |  src/main/java/ticketinfo/service/TicketInfoService.java ,
src/main/java/ticketinfo/controller/TicketInfoController.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/service/TravelPlanServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/TransferTravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/RoutePlanResultUnit.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/RoutePlanInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/TripInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/TravelAdvanceResultUnit.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/entity/TransferTravelInfo.java ,

20  |  src/main/java/config/service/ConfigServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/config/entity/Config.java ,
src/main/java/config/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/config/service/ConfigService.java ,
src/main/java/config/controller/ConfigController.java ,
src/main/java/config/repository/ConfigRepository.java ,

21  |  src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Account.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Gender.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/DocumentType.java ,

22  |  src/main/java/travel/service/TravelServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/SoldTicket.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TripInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travel/controller/TravelController.java ,
src/main/java/travel/service/TravelService.java ,
src/main/java/travel/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TravelInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/AdminTrip.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/Travel.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TripResponse.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/Type.java ,
src/main/java/travel/repository/TripRepository.java ,
src/main/java/travel/entity/Trip.java ,

23  |  src/main/java/consign/controller/ConsignController.java ,
src/main/java/consign/service/ConsignService.java ,

24  |  src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/Type.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/entity/TripId.java ,

25  |  src/main/java/preserve/service/PreserveServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/User.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Ticket.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/TravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Contacts.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/TripResponse.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Travel.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/FoodOrder.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/NotifyInfo.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/Consign.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/OrderTicketsInfo.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/controller/PreserveController.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/service/PreserveService.java ,

26  |  src/main/java/travelplan/service/TravelPlanService.java ,
src/main/java/travelplan/controller/TravelPlanController.java ,

27  |  src/main/java/rebook/entity/Type.java ,
src/main/java/rebook/entity/TripId.java ,

28  |  src/main/java/assurance/entity/Assurance.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/service/AssuranceServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/entity/PlainAssurance.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/entity/AssuranceType.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/repository/AssuranceRepository.java ,
src/main/java/assurance/entity/AssuranceTypeBean.java ,

29  |  src/main/java/auth/init/InitUser.java ,
src/main/java/auth/repository/UserRepository.java ,
src/main/java/auth/security/UserDetailsServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/auth/service/impl/TokenServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/auth/entity/User.java ,
src/main/java/auth/security/jwt/JWTProvider.java ,
src/main/java/auth/service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/auth/exception/UserOperationException.java ,
src/main/java/auth/exception/handler/GlobalExceptionHandler.java ,
src/main/java/auth/dto/AuthDto.java ,
src/main/java/verifycode/controller/VerifyCodeController.java ,
src/main/java/verifycode/service/VerifyCodeService.java ,
src/main/java/auth/dto/TokenDto.java ,
src/main/java/auth/dto/BasicAuthDto.java ,

30  |  src/main/java/notification/service/NotificationServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/notification/entity/Mail.java ,
src/main/java/notification/service/MailService.java ,
src/main/java/notification/entity/NotifyInfo.java ,

31  |  src/main/java/admintravel/controller/AdminTravelController.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/service/AdminTravelService.java ,

32  |  src/main/java/foodsearch/controller/FoodController.java ,
src/main/java/foodsearch/service/FoodService.java ,

33  |  src/main/java/price/service/PriceServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/price/repository/PriceConfigRepository.java ,
src/main/java/price/entity/PriceConfig.java ,
src/main/java/price/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/price/service/PriceService.java ,
src/main/java/price/controller/PriceController.java ,

34  |  src/main/java/adminbasic/service/AdminBasicInfoService.java ,
src/main/java/adminbasic/controller/AdminBasicInfoController.java ,

35  |  src/main/java/adminuser/entity/Account.java ,
src/main/java/adminuser/entity/DocumentType.java ,
src/main/java/adminuser/entity/Gender.java ,

36  |  src/main/java/seat/service/SeatService.java ,
src/main/java/seat/controller/SeatController.java ,

37  |  src/main/java/adminuser/dto/UserDto.java ,
src/main/java/adminuser/service/AdminUserServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/user/controller/UserController.java ,
src/main/java/user/service/UserService.java ,

38  |  src/main/java/com/trainticket/service/PaymentService.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/controller/PaymentController.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/entity/Payment.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/service/PaymentServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/repository/PaymentRepository.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/entity/Money.java ,
src/main/java/com/trainticket/repository/AddMoneyRepository.java ,

39  |  src/main/java/train/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/train/service/TrainService.java ,
src/main/java/train/controller/TrainController.java ,
src/main/java/adminbasic/service/AdminBasicInfoServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/adminbasic/entity/Contacts.java ,
src/main/java/train/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/train/service/TrainServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/train/repository/TrainTypeRepository.java ,

40  |  src/main/java/adminorder/controller/AdminOrderController.java ,
src/main/java/adminorder/service/AdminOrderService.java ,

41  |  src/main/java/verifycode/util/CookieUtil.java ,
src/main/java/verifycode/service/impl/VerifyCodeServiceImpl.java ,

42  |  src/main/java/preserveOther/service/PreserveOtherServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Ticket.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/TravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/User.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Contacts.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Travel.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/TripResponse.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/FoodOrder.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/NotifyInfo.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Consign.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/OrderTicketsInfo.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/controller/PreserveOtherController.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/service/PreserveOtherService.java ,

43  |  src/main/java/admintravel/entity/Type.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/entity/TripId.java ,

44  |  src/main/java/food/service/FoodMapServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/food/entity/TrainFood.java ,
src/main/java/food/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/food/service/FoodMapService.java ,
src/main/java/food/controller/TrainFoodController.java ,
src/main/java/food/controller/FoodStoreController.java ,
src/main/java/food/entity/Food.java ,
src/main/java/food/entity/FoodStore.java ,
src/main/java/food/repository/FoodStoreRepository.java ,
src/main/java/food/repository/TrainFoodRepository.java ,

45  |  src/main/java/adminroute/service/AdminRouteService.java ,
src/main/java/adminroute/controller/AdminRouteController.java ,

46  |  src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/preserveOther/entity/Type.java ,

47  |  src/main/java/seat/service/SeatServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/LeftTicketInfo.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/Config.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/Ticket.java ,
src/main/java/seat/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/controller/Travel2Controller.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TripInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/service/Travel2Service.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TravelInfo.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/service/AdminTravelServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/admintravel/entity/TravelInfo.java ,

48  |  src/main/java/consignprice/controller/ConsignPriceController.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/service/ConsignPriceService.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/entity/ConsignPrice.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/service/ConsignPriceServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/consignprice/repository/ConsignPriceConfigRepository.java ,

49  |  src/main/java/consign/entity/ConsignRecord.java ,
src/main/java/consign/service/ConsignServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/consign/entity/Consign.java ,
src/main/java/consign/repository/ConsignRepository.java ,

50  |  src/main/java/travel2/entity/TripId.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/Type.java ,

51  |  src/main/java/adminuser/controller/AdminUserController.java ,
src/main/java/adminuser/service/AdminUserService.java ,

52  |  src/main/java/fdse/microservice/service/BasicService.java ,
src/main/java/fdse/microservice/controller/BasicController.java ,
src/main/java/ticketinfo/service/TicketInfoServiceImpl.java ,

53  |  src/main/java/preserve/entity/Type.java ,
src/main/java/preserve/entity/TripId.java ,

54  |  src/main/java/inside_payment/service/InsidePaymentServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/OrderStatus.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/Order.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/AccountInfo.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/init/InitData.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/service/InsidePaymentService.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/controller/InsidePaymentController.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/PaymentInfo.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/Payment.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/Balance.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/repository/AddMoneyRepository.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/repository/PaymentRepository.java ,
src/main/java/inside_payment/entity/Money.java ,

55  |  src/main/java/travel2/service/Travel2ServiceImpl.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/Trip.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/repository/TripRepository.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TripResponse.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/Route.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TripAllDetailInfo.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TripAllDetail.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/Seat.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/Travel.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/AdminTrip.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/SeatClass.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TravelResult.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/TrainType.java ,
src/main/java/travel2/entity/SoldTicket.java ,
